Add HAProxy instructions for TiDB Dashboard (#3600)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md

>
> You must retain the `if` part in the `use_backend` directive to ensure that services **only in this path** are behind reverse proxy; otherwise, security risks might be introduced. See [Secure TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-security.md).

If you want that the TiDB Dashboard service is run in the root path (such as `http://example.com:8033/`), use the following configuration:

```haproxy
frontend tidb_dashboard_front
  bind *:8033
  use_backend tidb_dashboard_back
backend tidb_dashboard_back
  mode http
  http-request set-path /dashboard%[path]
  server tidb_dashboard 192.168.0.123:2379
```

Modify the configuration and restart HAProxy for the modified configuration to take effect.

</details>

<details>
<summary> <strong>Use NGINX</strong> </summary>

Taking `http://example.com:8033/foo/` as an example, the corresponding NGINX configuration is as follows:

{{< copyable "" >}}

```nginx
server {
  listen 8033;
  location /foo/ {
    proxy_pass http://192.168.0.123:2379/dashboard/;
  }
}
```

Replace `http://192.168.0.123:2379/dashboard/` with the actual address of the TiDB Dashboard obtained in [Step 1](#step-1-get-the-actual-tidb-dashboard-address).

> **Warning:**
>

> > You must retain the `if` part in the `use_backend` directive to ensure that services **only in this path** are behind reverse proxy; otherwise, security risks might be introduced. See [Secure TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-security.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You must retain the `/dashboard/` path in the `proxy_pass` directive to ensure that services **only in this path** are behind reverse proxy; otherwise, security risks might be introduced. See [Secure TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-security.md).
```
from https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/3828/files#diff-753d59b99895e7d37c715aa6c59ecb8bR250
